README.md, before:

# Multer Azure Storage

Multer Azure Storage provides a Storage for [multer](https://github.com/expressjs/multer) allowing for saving data to Blob Storage.

## Installation

```
npm install multer-azure-storage
```

## Usage
Basic usage example:

```javascript
var multer = require('multer')
var MulterAzureStorage = require('multer-azure-storage')
var upload = multer({
  storage: new MulterAzureStorage({
    azureStorageConnectionString: 'https://mystorageaccount.blob.core.windows.net/',
    azureStorageAccessKey: 'myaccesskey',
    azureStorageAccount: 'mystorageaccount',
    containerName: 'photos',
    containerSecurity: 'blob'
  })
})
```
Then use `upload` as described in [multer documentation](https://github.com/expressjs/multer)

### File information

Each file added using Multer Azure Storage contains the following information:

Key | Description | Note
---|---|---
`fieldname` | Field name specified in the form | added by multer
`originalname` | Name of the file on the user's computer | added by multer
`encoding` | Encoding type of the file | aded by multer
`mimetype` | Mime type of the file | added by multer
`blob` | Name of created blob | 
`container` | Name of container in which blob was created | 
`blobType` | Type of blob | BlockBlob -  From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`size` | Size of the blob | From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`etag` | Etag | From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`metadata` | Blob's metadata | From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`url` | Url to access the blob | 

## Options
| Parameter Name | Type | Sample Value |
|---|---|---|
| `azureStorageConnectionString` | string | 'https://mystorageaccount.blob.core.windows.net/' |
| `azureStorageAccessKey` | string | 'dcs@3asd@...' - Access Key related to your storage account |
| `azureStorageAccount` | string | 'mystorageaccount' |
| `containerName` | string | 'photos' |
| `containerSecurity` | string (optional) | 'blob' or 'container', defaults to blob |

For more information about the meaning of individual parameters please check [Azure documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/storage-nodejs-how-to-use-blob-storage/) on node.js integration.

## Tests
Not implemented yet

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Adding file name customization function to options object

README.md, after:

# Multer Azure Storage

Multer Azure Storage provides a Storage for [multer](https://github.com/expressjs/multer) allowing for saving data to Blob Storage.

## Installation

```
npm install multer-azure-storage
```

## Usage
Basic usage example:

```javascript
var multer = require('multer')
var MulterAzureStorage = require('multer-azure-storage')
var upload = multer({
  storage: new MulterAzureStorage({
    azureStorageConnectionString: 'https://mystorageaccount.blob.core.windows.net/',
    azureStorageAccessKey: 'myaccesskey',
    azureStorageAccount: 'mystorageaccount',
    containerName: 'photos',
    containerSecurity: 'blob'
  })
})
```
Then use `upload` as described in [multer documentation](https://github.com/expressjs/multer)

### File information

Each file added using Multer Azure Storage contains the following information:

Key | Description | Note
---|---|---
`fieldname` | Field name specified in the form | added by multer
`originalname` | Name of the file on the user's computer | added by multer
`encoding` | Encoding type of the file | aded by multer
`mimetype` | Mime type of the file | added by multer
`blob` | Name of created blob | 
`container` | Name of container in which blob was created | 
`blobType` | Type of blob | BlockBlob -  From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`size` | Size of the blob | From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`etag` | Etag | From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`metadata` | Blob's metadata | From the result of call to azure's `getBlobProperties()` of `blobService`
`url` | Url to access the blob | 

## Options
| Parameter Name | Type | Sample Value |
|---|---|---|
| `azureStorageConnectionString` | string | 'https://mystorageaccount.blob.core.windows.net/' |
| `azureStorageAccessKey` | string | 'dcs@3asd@...' - Access Key related to your storage account |
| `azureStorageAccount` | string | 'mystorageaccount' |
| `containerName` | string | 'photos' |
| `containerSecurity` | string (optional) | 'blob' or 'container', defaults to blob |
| `fileName` | function (optional) | function that recieves a file reference and allows customation of the file name |

For more information about the meaning of individual parameters please check [Azure documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/storage-nodejs-how-to-use-blob-storage/) on node.js integration.

## Tests
Not implemented yet

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
